[WIP] OSDOCS-12318: adding procedure for using image mode for RHEL (#87637)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_install_bootc/microshift-install-rhel-bootc-image.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-install-rhel-bootc-image"]
include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
= Managing the bootc image
:context: microshift-install-rhel-bootc-image

toc::[]

> {microshift-short} is now built and published as image mode containers. when installing a {op-system-base-full} bootable container image with {microshift-short}, use either a prebuilt bootable container image or build a custom bootable container image of your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{microshift-short} is now built and published as image mode containers. When installing a {op-system-base-full} bootable container image with {microshift-short}, use either a prebuilt bootable container image or build a custom bootable container image of your own.
```

Author: done

> {microshift-short} is now built and published as image mode containers. When installing a {op-system-base-full} bootable container image with {microshift-short}, use either a prebuilt bootable container image or build a custom bootable container image of your own.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{microshift-short} is built and published as image mode containers. When installing a {op-system-base-full} bootable container image with {microshift-short}, use either a prebuilt bootable container image or build your own custom bootable container image.
```

Author: done

> {microshift-short} is now built and published as image mode containers. Install a {op-system-base-full} bootable container image with {microshift-short} using a container file. Use either a prebuilt bootable container image from the published list or build a custom bootable container image to install {op-system-base-full}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{microshift-short} is now built and published as image mode containers. When installing a {op-system-base-full} bootable container image with {microshift-short}, use either a prebuilt bootable container image or build a custom bootable container image of your own.
```

Author: done
